Question 1
You need to connect your company’s on-premise network into AWS and would like to establish an AWS managed VPN service. Which of the following configuration items needs to be setup on the Amazon VPC side of the connection?

A. A Firewall
B. A Customer Gateway
C. A Network Address Translation device
D. A Virtual Private Gateway


Question 2
Which of the following statements about AWS’s pay-as-you-go pricing model is correct?

A. It results in reduced capital expenditures
B. It reduces operational expenditures
C. It is relevant only for Amazon EC2, Amazon S3, and Amazon DynamoDB
D. It requires payment up front for AWS services


Question 3
The AWS Cost Management tools give users the ability to do which of the following? (Select TWO.)

A. Switch automatically to Reserved Instances or Spot Instances, whichever is most cost-effective
B. Break down AWS costs by day, service, and linked AWS account
C. Move data stored in Amazon S3 to a more cost-effective storage class
D. Create budgets and receive notifications if current or forecasted usage exceeds the budgets
E. Terminate any AWS resource automatically if budget thresholds are exceeded


Question 4
Which type of AWS database is ideally suited to analytics using SQL queries?

A. Amazon S3
B. Amazon RedShift
C. Amazon DynamoDB
D. Amazon RDS


Question 5
Which service allows you to monitor and troubleshoot systems using system and application log files generated by those systems?

A. CloudWatch Metrics
B. CloudTrail Logs
C. CloudTrail Metrics
D. CloudWatch Logs


Question 6
Which of the authentication options below can be used to authenticate using AWS APIs? (Select TWO.)

A. Key pairs
B. Server passwords
C. Access keys
D. Security groups
E. Server certificates


Question 7
Which of the following are NOT features of AWS IAM? (Select TWO.)

A. Charged for what you use
B. Identity federation
C. Logon using local user accounts
D. PCI DSS compliance
E. Shared access to your AWS account


Question 8
What is the easiest way to store a backup of an EBS volume on Amazon S3?

A. Write a custom script to copy the data into a bucket
B. Use Amazon Kinesis to process the data and store the results in S3
C. Create a snapshot of the volume
D. Use S3 lifecycle actions to backup the volume


Question 9
Which type of scaling does Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling provide?

A. Incremental
B. Linear
C. Vertical
D. Horizontal


Question 10
What is an example of scaling vertically?

A. AWS Lambda adding concurrently executing functions
B. Adding read replicas to an Amazon RDS database
C. Increasing the instance size with Amazon RDS
D. AWS Auto Scaling adding more EC2 instances


Question 11
Based on the shared responsibility model, which of the following security and compliance tasks is AWS responsible for?

A. Encrypting data in transit
B. Updating operating systems
C. Granting access to individuals and services
D. Updating Amazon EC2 host firmware


Question 12
Which AWS service can be used to run Docker containers?

A. AWS Fargate
B. Amazon ECR
C. Amazon AMI
D. Amazon RedShift


Question 13
What do you need to log into the AWS console?

A. Access key and secret ID
B. User name and password
C. Certificate
D. Key pair


Question 14
How can a company facilitate the sharing of data over private connections between two accounts they own within a region?

A. Create a VPC peering connection
B. Create an internal ELB
C. Create a subnet peering connection
D. Configure matching CIDR address ranges


Question 15
Where do Amazon Identity and Access Management (IAM) accounts need to be created for a global organization?

A. In each geographical area where the users are located
B. Just create them once, as IAM is a global service
C. In each region where the users are located
D. Create them globally, and then replicate them regionally


Question 16
How can a systems administrator specify a script to be run on an EC2 instance during launch?

A. Run Command
B. Metadata
C. User Data
D. AWS Config


Question 17
Which resource should you use to access AWS security and compliance reports?

A. AWS Organizations
B. AWS Business Associate Addendum (BAA)
C. AWS Artifact
D. AWS IAM


Question 18
Under the shared responsibility model, which of the following tasks are the responsibility of the AWS customer? (Select TWO.)

A. Ensuring that access to data centers is restricted
B. Ensuring that users have received security training in the use of AWS services
C. Ensuring that hardware is disposed of properly
D. Ensuring that application data is encrypted at rest
E. Ensuring that AWS NTP servers are set to the correct time


Question 19
What methods are available for scaling an Amazon RDS database? (Select TWO.)

A. You can scale out automatically with EC2 Auto Scaling
B. You can scale up by increasing storage capacity
C. You can scale up automatically using AWS Auto Scaling
D. You can scale up by moving to a larger instance size
E. You can scale out by implementing Elastic Load Balancing


Question 20
Which AWS Cloud design principles can help increase reliability? (Select TWO.)

A. Measuring overall efficiency
B. Adopting a consumption model
C. Using monolithic architecture
D. Testing recovery procedures
E. Automatically recovering from failure


Question 21
Which AWS service is designed to be used for operational analytics?

A. Amazon QuickSight
B. Amazon Athena
C. Amazon Elasticsearch Service
D. Amazon EMR


Question 22
Which of the following is NOT a best practice for protecting the root user of an AWS account?

A. Remove administrative permissions
B. Don’t share the root user credentials
C. Lock away the AWS root user access keys
D. Enable MFA


Question 23
Which AWS Glacier data access option retrieves data from an archive in 1-5 minutes?

A. Standard
B. Accelerated
C. Express
D. Expedited


Question 24
Which pricing model will interrupt a running Amazon EC2 instance if capacity becomes temporarily unavailable?

A. On-Demand Instances
B. Spot Instances
C. Standard Reserved Instances
D. Convertible Reserved Instances


Question 25
Your manager has asked you to explain some of the security features available in the AWS cloud. How can you describe the function of Amazon CloudHSM?

A. It is a Public Key Infrastructure (PKI)
B. It provides server-side encryption for S3 objects
C. It can be used to generate, use and manage encryption keys in the cloud
D. It is a firewall for use with web applications


Question 26
Which AWS database service is schema-less and can be scaled dynamically without incurring downtime?

A. Amazon RDS
B. Amazon RedShift
C. Amazon DynamoDB
D. Amazon Aurora


Question 27
A Cloud Practitioner is creating the business process workflows associated with an order fulfilment system. Which AWS service can assist with coordinating tasks across distributed application components?

A. Amazon SNS
B. Amazon SWF
C. Amazon SQS
D. AWS STS


Question 28
What are the advantages of running a database service such as Amazon RDS in the cloud versus deploying on-premise? (Select TWO.)

A. You have full control of the operating system and can install your own operational tools
B. There are no costs for replicating data between DBs in different data centers or regions
C. Scalability is improved as it is quicker to implement and there is an abundance of capacity
D. You can use any database software you like, allowing greater flexibility
E. High availability is easier to implement due to built-in functionality for deploying read replicas and multi-AZ


Question 29
How can a company configure automatic, asynchronous copying of objects in Amazon S3 buckets across regions?

A. Using cross-region replication
B. By configuring multi-master replication
C. This is done by default by AWS
D. Using lifecycle actions


Question 30
Which AWS service can serve a static website?

A. Amazon Route 53
B. AWS X-Ray
C. Amazon S3
D. Amazon QuickSight


Question 31
Where are Amazon EBS snapshots stored?

A. On an Amazon EBS instance store
B. On Amazon S3
C. Within the EBS block store
D. On an Amazon EFS filesystem


Question 32
To reduce cost, which of the following services support reservations? (Select TWO.)

A. Amazon ElastiCache
B. Amazon S3
C. Amazon RedShift
D. Amazon CloudFormation
E. AWS Elastic Beanstalk


Question 33
Your company has recently migrated to AWS. How can your CTO monitor the organization’s costs?

A. AWS Cost Explorer
B. AWS Simple Monthly calculator
C. AWS CloudTrail
D. AWS Consolidated Billing


Question 34
Which HTTP code indicates a successful upload of an object to Amazon S3?

A. 300
B. 400
C. 500
D. 200


Question 35
What advantages does the AWS cloud provide in relation to cost? (Select TWO.)

A. Ability to turn off resources and not pay for them
B. Enterprise licensing discounts
C. One-off payments for on-demand resources
D. Itemized power costs
E. Fine-grained billing


Question 36
Which AWS security tool uses an agent installed in EC2 instances and assesses applications for vulnerabilities and deviations from best practices?

A. AWS TCO Calculator
B. AWS Trusted Advisor
C. AWS Inspector
D. AWS Personal Health Dashboard


Question 37
Your manager has asked you to explain the benefits of using IAM groups. Which of the below statements are valid benefits? (Select TWO.)

A. Enables you to attach IAM permission policies to more than one user at a time
B. Groups let you specify permissions for multiple users, which can make it easier to manage the permissions for those users
C. Provide the ability to nest groups to create an organizational hierarchy
D. Provide the ability to create custom permission policies
E. You can restrict access to the subnets in your VPC


Question 38
Which AWS technology can be referred to as a “virtual hard disk in the cloud”?

A. Amazon EBS volume
B. Amazon ENI
C. Amazon S3 Bucket
D. Amazon EFS Filesystem


Question 39
What is the name for the top-level container used to hold objects within Amazon S3?

A. Bucket
B. Instance Store
C. Folder
D. Directory


Question 40
Under the AWS Shared Responsibility Model, who is responsible for what? (Select TWO.)

A. Customers are responsible for networking traffic protection
B. Customers are responsible for edge locations
C. AWS are responsible for networking infrastructure
D. Customers are responsible for compute infrastructure
E. AWS are responsible for network and firewall configuration


Question 41
What is the most efficient way to establish network connectivity from on-premises to multiple VPCs in different AWS Regions?

A. Use AWS Client VPN
B. Use an AWS Transit Gateway
C. Use AWS VPN
D. Use AWS Direct Connect


Question 42
Which type of Elastic Load Balancer operates at the TCP connection level?

A. Network Load Balancer (NLB)
B. Amazon Route 53 Load Balancer
C. Classic Load Balancer (CLB)
D. Application Load Balancer (ALB)


Question 43
Which AWS support plans provide 24x7 access to customer service?

A. Business
B. All plans
C. Basic
D. Developer


Question 44
Which of the following are pillars from the six pillars of the AWS Well-Architected Framework? (Select TWO.)

A. Economics
B. Confidentiality
C. Sustainability
D. Operational excellence
E. Resilience


Question 45
How can a database administrator reduce operational overhead for a MySQL database?

A. Migrate the database onto an EC2 instance
B. Migrate the database onto an Amazon RDS instance
C. Use AWS CloudFormation to manage operations
D. Migrate the database onto AWS Lambda


Question 46
Which AWS service or feature helps restrict the AWS service, resources, and individual API actions the users and roles in each member account can access?

A. AWS Firewall Manager
B. Amazon Cognito
C. AWS Shield
D. AWS Organizations


Question 47
Your organization has offices around the world and some employees travel between offices. How should their accounts be setup?

A. Set the user account as a “global” account when created
B. Create a separate account in IAM within each region in which they will travel
C. IAM is a global service, just create the users in one place
D. Enable MFA for the accounts


Question 48
Which feature of Amazon S3 enables you to create rules to control the transfer of objects between different storage classes?

A. Object sharing
B. Bucket policies
C. Versioning
D. Lifecycle management


Question 49
A startup eCommerce company needs to quickly deliver new website features in an iterative manner, minimizing the time to market.Which AWS Cloud feature allows this?

A. Agility
B. Reliability
C. Elasticity
D. High availability


Question 50
A web application running on AWS has been received malicious requests from the same set of IP addresses.Which AWS service can help secure the application and block the malicious traffic?

A. Amazon SNS
B. AWS IAM
C. Amazon GuardDuty
D. AWS WAF


Question 51
Which AWS technology enables you to group resources that share one or more tags?

A. Resource groups
B. Tag groups
C. Consolidation groups
D. Organization groups


Question 52
Which of the following acts as a virtual firewall at the Amazon EC2 instance level to control traffic for one or more instances?

A. Virtual private gateways (VPG)
B. Route table
C. Security groups
D. Network Access Control Lists (ACL)


Question 53
According to the AWS Well-Architected Framework, what change management steps should be taken to achieve reliability in the AWS Cloud? (Select TWO.)

A. Use AWS CloudTrail to record AWS API calls into an auditable log file
B. Use service limits to prevent users from creating or making changes to AWS resources
C. Use Amazon GuardDuty to record API activity to an S3 bucket
D. Use AWS Certificate Manager to create a catalog of approved services
E. Use AWS Config to generate an inventory of AWS resources


Question 54
Which AWS service is suitable for an event-driven workload?

A. AWS Lambda
B. Amazon Open 3D Engine
C. AWS Elastic Beanstalk
D. Amazon EC2


Question 55
According to the AWS Shared Responsibility Model, which of the following is a shared control?

A. Operating system patching
B. Client-side data encryption
C. Awareness and training
D. Protection of infrastructure


Question 56
Which of the following are examples of horizontal scaling? (Select TWO.)

A. Add more CPU/RAM to existing instances as demand increases
B. Requires a restart to scale up or down
C. Add more instances as demand increases
D. Automatic scaling using services such as AWS Auto Scaling
E. Scalability is limited by maximum instance size


Question 57
In which ways does AWS’ pricing model benefit organizations?

A. Focus spend on capital expenditure, rather than operational expenditure
B. Reduce the cost of maintaining idle resources
C. Reduces the people cost of application development
D. Eliminates licensing costs


Question 58
Which of the statements below does NOT characterize cloud computing?

A. Cloud computing allows you to swap variable expense for capital expense
B. Cloud computing is the on-demand delivery of compute power
C. With cloud computing you get to benefit from massive economies of scale
D. With cloud computing you can increase your speed and agility


Question 59
Which AWS service provides the ability to detect inadvertent data leaks of personally identifiable information (PII) and user credential data?

A. Amazon Macie
B. Amazon GuardDuty
C. AWS Shield
D. Amazon Inspector


Question 60
Which AWS service makes it easy to coordinate the components of distributed applications as a series of steps in a visual workflow?

A. Amazon SWF
B. AWS Step Functions
C. Amazon SNS
D. Amazon SES


Question 61
Under the AWS shared responsibility model, which of the following are customer responsibilities? (Select TWO.)

A. Amazon RDS instance patching
B. Compute capacity availability
C. Network and firewall configurations
D. Physical security of data center facilities
E. Setting up server-side encryption on an Amazon S3 bucket


Question 62
How can you deploy your EC2 instances so that if a single data center fails you still have instances available?

A. Across Availability Zones
B. Across regions
C. Across VPCs
D. Across subnets


Question 63
A company is using the AWS CLI and programmatic access of AWS resources from its on-premises network.What is a mandatory requirement in this scenario?

A. Using an Amazon EC2 key pair
B. Using an AWS Direct Connect connection
C. Using an AWS access key and a secret key
D. Using Amazon API Gateway


Question 64
You are evaluating AWS services that can assist with creating scalable application environments. Which of the statements below best describes the Elastic Load Balancer service?

A. A highly available and scalable Domain Name System (DNS) service
B. A network service that provides an alternative to using the Internet to connect customers’ on-premise sites to AWS
C. Automatically distributes incoming application traffic across multiple targets, such as Amazon EC2 instances, containers, and IP addresses
D. Helps you ensure that you have the correct number of Amazon EC2 instances available to handle the load for your application


Question 65
What type of cloud computing service type do AWS Elastic Beanstalk and Amazon RDS correspond to?

A. Hybrid
B. PaaS
C. IaaS
D. SaaS


